# Code automation - Generate project

Bellow is an excerpt of the navigation choice **1. Generate project**. All choices is explained in the end of this documentation.

```

                                 __
     _______  ______  ___  _____/ /_  ___  _________
    / ___/ / / / __ \/ _ \/ ___/ __ \/ _ \/ ___/ __ \
   (__  ) /_/ / /_/ /  __/ /  / / / /  __/ /  / /_/ /
  /____/\__,_/ .___/\___/_/  /_/ /_/\___/_/   \____/
            /_/


1. Generate project
2. Generate API classes and corresponding tests from configuration
3. Generate API documentation
4. Generate Domain classes from configuration

Choose your destiny: 1
 ✔ Excellent

What is the name of the project? test
 ✔ Excellent

How would you describe the project in one sentence? This is simply a test example
 ✔ Excellent

What is the URL to the repository? git@github.com:example/test
 ✔ Excellent

Add "infrastructure" component? no
 ✔ Excellent

Add "view" component? no
 ✔ Excellent

What timezone does the project reflect? CET
 ✔ Excellent

Specify the path to where the project will be generated, or leave blank to use /home/example/Projects/test
Where do you want to generate the project?
 ✔ Excellent

 -------------
 ¡ Finish it !
 -------------
 Creating path: src
 Creating path: src/api
 Creating path: src/domain
 Creating path: test
 Creating file: src/api/config.js
 Creating file: src/domain/config.js
 Creating file: src/index.js
 Creating file: test/init.js
 Creating file: test/mocha.opts
 Creating file: .gitignore
 Creating file: Dockerfile
 Creating file: package.json
 Creating file: README.md
 -------------
```

---

## Generate project

To start with, the first choice in the main list is selected: **1. Generate project**. This option will automaticly generate the barebone of the project. This option is a bootstrap operation to reduce redundant work necessery to set up basic project structure.

---

## Name of project

When prompted with the question **What is the name of the project?**, it is expected that a name relevant to the project being created is given. There is no need to format the name specificly, the name is filtered to suit restrictions where the name is used in the different files.

---

## Description of the project

The question: **How would you describe the project in one sentence?** expects a short description of the project. It is possible to leave the option empty, but it is recomended to give a short description of the core domain of the project.

---

## Version-control repository

A question regarding the version-control repository is asked next: **What is the URL to the repository?**. The link to the version-control repository can for instance be a github link to a repository you have set up, or expect to set up in the future.

This step is optional, though encouraged to fulfill as npm will throw warnings if the step is ignored.

---

## Add additional layers

Some layers of the application is often not required to in every project. For that reason, two questions are prompted regarding the `infrastructure` layer and `view` layer.

---

### Infrastructure layer

The `infrastructure` layer is expected to contain logic related to comunication between the project and external resources. The option requires a `yes` or `no` answer.

---

### View layer

The `view` layer is expected to contain the presentation logic of the project.

---

## Timezone

Next it is time to specify the timezone of the project: **What timezone does the project reflect?**. This step has many different options that all can be viewed through double tapping the tab key. **CET**, that is used in the example, stands for **Central Europe Time**.

---

## Path to the project

The CLI helper requires an absolute path to the project root folder. An option is provided in the question: **Specify the path to where the project will be generated, or leave blank to use ...** which is generated by concatting the current working directory and the name of the project. As described in the quoted text, you can simply hit the the enter key to use the generated alternative, or write the absolute path to the project to use a different location.

---

## Files generated

Files generated are all listed in the end of the script. Bellow, each files purpose is described.

---

### `src/api/config.js`

The configuration file of the `API` layer.

---

### `src/domain/config.js`

The configuration file of the `Domain` layer.

---

### `src/index.js`

The `index` file is the entrypoint to the application, where the core context is composed and loaded.

---

### `test/init.js`

Some inital settings related to the test environment.

---

### `test/mocha.opts`

All the default options to mocha is defined in a seperate file to avoid redundancy in the different test scripts defined in the `package.json` file.

---

### `.gitignore`

The `.gitignore` file is used to exclude files and folders from the git repository.

---

### `Dockerfile`

A dockerfile is used to build an environment which the project can run in.

---

### `package.json`

The `package.json` file declares project dependencies, settings and entrypoints.

---

### `README.md`

Every project should have a `readme` file that describes the project at length. The generated file is a simple beginning of further work.

